---
layout: layout-en-2col
---

h1. OUR CONTRIBUTION

We hope that our cooking classes will help promote tolerant attitude to foreign cultures and we consider it to be very important to help those who are less fortunate than us.

We have done a charity event at a Montessori school in Moscow in December 2011, children were decorating cookies and cupcakes and all the proceeds from ticket sales went to the "Center for Curative Pedagogics":http://www.ccp.org.ru/. It was an amazing day and we plan to do lots more charity events in the near future, stay tuned for the upcoming events.

If you want to organize a charity event together, or if you are a charity seeking help, please get in touch with us and we would love to all we can to make a difference.

In October 2012 we organized a fundraiser featuring 3 adult cooking classes: Thai food, Italian dessert and Gingerbread cakes. There was also a cooking class and soap making class for kids and a flea market with books in English, accessories and other fun stuff for everyone. Everyone had a great time and we raised 57000RUR, which went to Gvardeyskoe Children’s Rehabilitation Centre, where the kids got a brand new kitchen with the money. We are very grateful to Obraz Zhizni for providing the space, food and for their enormous support at the event.

In April 2013 we celebrated 1 year of cooking at DoDo by hosting 3 mini cooking classes: Russian soup by Anna Kharzeeva, Mexican main by Joel Blevins and Texan dessert by Rebeccah Buckles. We raised 15800RUR for the "Promama Center":http://www.pro-mama.ru, which paid for a new sand table, paints and clay for art therapy.

In May 2013 we cooked with wonderful kids from Pokrov orphanage. Great French chef Bouhessi Khounchef showed how to make tart tatin and croque monsieur. Many thanks to Obraz Zhizni for their support of this event!

If you would like to assist the orphanage, please get in touch with "Byuro Dobrykh Del":http://www.burodd.ru/component/content/?view=featured

