---
layout: layout-en-2col
---

WANT TO MASTER CLASS

We conduct workshops in English for adults and children
of 5 years.

Master classes for adults being a chef - a native speaker in the session there an English teacher who will help you with the confusing terminology. To participate in a master class to speak the language at a conversational level.

Master classes for children are taught by experienced English teacher, to study the basics of language and culture of English-speaking countries, as well as a lot of attention is paid to the ability to work in a team, clean up after themselves and the study of useful properties of the products.

Master classes for adults are held on Wednesdays and Saturdays at 19.30 at 13.00 in the restaurant DoDo at Petrovka 21/2 - www.dodoproject.com

Master classes for children are held on Sundays at 12:00 in the restaurant Lifestyle at Prechistenka, 40/2, page 2 - www.o-zh.ru

Perhaps a master class at another time convenient for you at presence of a group of at least six people. May exit the master klassy.Prodolzhitelnost master class - 2.5 hours for adults and 1-1.5 hours for children in one master class prepare three dishes - an appetizer, main course and dessert (may be minor changes zhelaniyupovara). participation fee one adult master class-2500r person,The price includes all of the products, equipment, printed recipes. The cost of participation in the children's master class - 1000r.

Master classes for adults are held cooks native speakers - to get to know our chefs, see all of your yazyka.Na workshops to pre-record, not later than 48 hours prior to the workshop. To sign up, please contact us at samovarcc@yandex.ru, and we will include you in the list of participants.

Maximum number of participants in adult workshops - 8 people in children's -12.

See you at the Samovar Cook & Chat Club!

notextile.  <!--
ORIGINAL TEXT

ХОЧУ НА МАСТЕР-КЛАСС

Мы проводим мастер-классы на английском языке для взрослых и детей
от 5 лет.

Мастер-классы для взрослых ведутся поваром - носителем языка, на занятии присутствует преподаватель английского языка, который поможет Вам разобраться с непонятными терминами. Для участия в таком мастер-классе необходимо владеть языком на разговорном уровне.

Мастер-классы для детей ведутся опытным преподавателем английского языка, изучаются основы языка и культуры англоязычных стран, а также много внимания уделяется умению работать в команде, убирать за собой
и изучению полезных свойств продуктов.

Мастер-классы для взрослых проходят по средам в 19.30 и субботам в 13.00 в ресторане DoDo по адресу Петровка, 21/2 – www.dodoproject.com

Мастер-классы для детей проходят по воскресеньям в 12.00 в ресторане Образ жизни по адресу Пречистенка, 40/2, стр.2 – www.o-zh.ru

Возможно проведение мастер-класса в другое удобное для Вас время при 
наличии группы из минимум шести человек. Возможны выездные мастер-
классы.Продолжительность мастер-класса - 2.5 часа для взрослых и 1-1.5 
часа для детей, на одном мастер-классе готовятся 3 блюда - закуска, 
основное блюдо и десерт(возможны небольшие изменения по желаниюповара).Стоимость участия в одном взрослом мастер-классе -2500р с человека, 
в стоимость включены все продукты, оборудование, распечатанные рецепты. Стоимость участия в детском мастер-классе - 1000р.

Мастер-классы для взрослых проводятся поварами- носителями языка - 
чтобы познакомиться с нашими поварами, см. раздел интересующего Вас языка.На все мастер-классы необходима предварительная запись  не позднее, чем за 48 часов до мастер-класса. Для того чтобы записаться, напишите нам на samovarcc@yandex.ru, и мы внесем Вас в список участников.

Максимальное число участников во взрослых мастер-классах - 8 человек,
в детских -12.

До встречи в Samovar Cook&Chat Club!

notextile.  --!>