---
layout: layout-en-2col
---

CHILD

We conduct classes for children from 4 years. We offer a course of 8-classes for each language - during the course of this child will learn to cook eight cuisines selected country and the initial knowledge of the language greeting, counting, colors, names of food.

Why cooking and language together? Why do it?

It's no secret that the early development of children, how quickly and accurately a child begins to speak, to articulate their thoughts and learn to focus, depending on fine motor skills. In our classes, we are not only the maximum of its fine motor skills, but also teach children the elements of independent behavior in the kitchen, working in a team, the rules of table manners, etiquette, learning good food and the need to have a useful food (we really believe in it and so we are able to tell about children that they, too, are beginning to believe =), table service, responsible attitude to food and cooking (the children clean up after themselves is-we do not use child labor, but we have children are themselves the dishes in the sink and wipe tables), children learn how to behave at the table and also develop imagination (see how nicely they decorated kapkeyki!
As you know, language classes for children are always carried out in the form of a game, that the child has awakened interest in the language to learn the language associated with something pleasurable.

What could be more pleasurable than a tasty, healthy meal prepared by the child?
After cooking and cuisine of the countries that we offer your children can see not only the culture and way of life, but also close to touch the basics of the language is spoken in the future will greatly facilitate the choice for serious language study.

Since the atmosphere is a common cooking relaxes on the one hand, and makes active accept new things, on the other, we believe that this is the perfect opportunity to teach children a foreign language and to introduce the foreign culture. In this situation the relationship to language is 100% positive, children are disclosed, they have a desire to learn the language more.

notextile.  <!--

  ORIGINAL TEXT

  ДЕТЯМ

  Мы проводим занятия для детей от 4ех лет. Мы предлагаем курс из 8ми занятий для каждого языка - в течение этого курса ребенок научится готовить восемь блюд кухни выбранной страны и получит начальные познания языка- приветствие, счет, цвета, названия еды.

  Почему кулинария и язык вместе? Зачем это нужно?

  Ни для кого не секрет, что раннее развитие детей, то как быстро и четко ребенок начнет говорить, ясно выражать свои мысли и научится концентрировать внимание, зависит от мелкой моторики. На наших занятиях мы максимально задействуем не только мелкую моторику, но и учим детей элементам самостоятельного поведения на кухне, работе в команде, правилам поведения за столом, этикету, изучением пользы еды и необходимости есть полезную еду(мы правда в это верим и умеем так рассказать об этом детям,что они тоже начинают верить=), сервировки стола, ответственном отношении к еде и готовке(дети сами убирают за собой- мы не используем детскую рабочую силу, но у нас дети сами относят посуду в раковину и протирают столы),дети учатся правильно вести себя за столом и также развивают воображение(посмотрите, как красиво они украсили капкейки!
  Как Вы наверняка знаете, языковые занятия с детьми всегда проводятся в игровой форме, чтобы у ребенка пробудился интерес к языку, чтобы изучение языка ассоциировалось с чем-то радостным.

  Что может быть более радостным, чем вкусная, полезная еда, приготовленная самим ребенком?
  Через кулинарию и кухни тех стран, которые мы предлагаем, Ваши дети смогут познакомиться не только с культурой и бытом, но и вплотную прикоснуться к азам изучаемого языка, что в будущем значительно облегчит выбор при серьезном изучения языка.

  Поскольку атмосфера общей готовки расслабляет с одной стороны, и заставляет активно воспринимать все новое, с другой, мы считаем, что это идеальная возможность научить детей иностранному языку и познакомить с иностранной культурой. В этой обстановке отношение к языку становится на 100% позитивным, дети раскрываются, у них появляется желание изучать язык дальше.

notextile.  --!>
